good
and here is your coffee with milk
because you take it fast because
karim to the owner of the factory that
I have to sell a lingerie and a
thong of the factories that used
so that to meet again for
finish the business like the thing
He was very close because he has a
meeting with karina the new neighbor of the
thought because he is selling now
thongs and underwear
small as be the ideals to the site
alone but for others
and now when it arrives it is to miss
It is very good what you have
people
and I told him not to pay attention to the
for another and maximum this
all my head
I think he's taking a bath
as a result of children who do not understand
plus the candles of an entrance with
that I have to put a hairdresser the
head look please and walk
with this rain
the girl is going to open a ditch on the floor
camatte lost the badge heels no
is my god lookout ok and ramiro has not even
called hear me be smart and not
as cunning as you see silk bed dating
of a may with everything all that you
you want when it's come and you can not
account that you were jealous faces
men have to be treated with
sacred indifference at home
look, you know I'm going to bed
so he does not even imagine that he was
Waiting for this afternoon in Miami and
any mediated gossip rests
likewise in that you do reaching up
gaza so far my little boy was like
you had to explain to the woman that
was with virginia so penélope what
you do in that confidence doing what
same thing that he does with me brings you charity
is that you are with the uar and candid is
what we charity
the things that happen to me and my love
that you do not lie down in the bed in the
camita I prefer to sleep a little while
for after a less rustic more in
the good bed is fine I'll bring you
the pussy and the pillow is clear my
life thanks
in sin bother but with the trouble
he left and left elche the problem many
Thank you
you know that since we are
working together has not even
said but good I know that you
tired and that we are doing business
re years terms or we can do
do as good if you have
problems of staying still here in the
apartment can go to my apartment
because you can enter without any
problem
Mari
Here I bring you the conchita and bites them
thank you very much
but I have to send to put the subject
now Mr. Ramiro calling them to
let them know that already thanks to that
we finish our business happily
I would like to invite you to my apartment to
celebrate sir is to be unable to
go alone to your apartment I'm not going to
no part if I do not go with my wife myself
I am a married man and sworn until the
death have my skin completely
very professional, of course, yes, so
please see you later
today
or
the woman he's with me usually me
wants
forever
in it with her
it's not bad gray husband and that's why I 'm leaving
with the
I stay comedy that is fresh meat
fresh meat
you are a man and that man a
innocent that you have stuck poor